everyone my name is Antoine Teasdale
game designer on the missing link a new
chapter of the deus ex human revolution
and you're about to see a brand new
glimpse of gameplay of the second half
of the dlc after escaping as dealt our
captors Adam Jensen manages to escape
the cargo ship on which he is trapped
what he doesn't know is that a ship has
docked into a secret bell tower sea bass
called a rifleman bank station you will
have to uncover it his base secrets if
he hopes to make it out alive
this being a deus ex game is a very good
idea to avoid cameras and remain
stealthy look for alternate paths we see
a custom bell tower bucks guy right over
there and up with the stealth and let's
try to have some fun with it
aking the security hub allows us to used
a robot domination augmentation which
will turn this box guard against our
enemies sitting there's a trouble of
dealing with demo selves this should be
fun access granted
dear
well that crazy idea the unfortunate
side effect of making the whole base
aware of our presence which made these
defensive measures appear from the
ground they're equipped with the Typhon
system so we have to be very careful to
not to trip these lasers
again we could go around this new
defensive measure but we're in as much
trouble as we can be so far so we're
just going to use a EMP grenade on it
activating securities game this is one
of the few scanner rooms inside the
rifleman Bank station as being a highly
secret bell tower black sites a lot of
secretive measures are in place to
prevent you from moving forward
fortunately you have allies inside the
base that help you make sure you could
get past these
subject recognized access granted
now what's this looks like a prison
that's not exactly what I was expecting
but it looks like there might be a few
more surprises coming up well I'll let
you guys find out when a missing link
comes out this month thanks for watching